README.md, before:

# Couchbase Bucket Listener [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/chtefi/couchbase-bucket-listener.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/chtefi/couchbase-bucket-listener)

A tiny admin displaying some info in real-time about a particular bucket in a Couchbase cluster.

It's possible to listen to any server / any bucket thanks to a smart URL pattern:
`http://localhost:8080/ui/$host/$bucket`

Example: `http://localhost:8080/ui/couchbase01/travel`

You'll get this UI updated in real-time:

![ui](ui.gif)

# Features

It displays:
- The total of events starting at the time you connect.
- A chart per events containing the delta per interval.
- The N last mutated documents of the bucket, with their expiry if any.

It is refreshed every 200ms by default, but this is configurable:
- `http://localhost:8080/ui/couchbase01/travel?interval=1000`: refresh every second
- `http://localhost:8080/ui/couchbase01/travel?interval=1000&n=100`: displays the 100 last mutated documents
 
It's also possible to click on those last mutated documents keys (displayed at the bottom), to display its content on the right.

If the bucket has the password, just set the query parameter `pwd`: `&pwd=xxx`.

## Bucket lists

It's possible to list all the available buckets, with hyperlinks to navigate quickly:

`http://localhost:8080/ui/couchbase01?user=admin&pwd=admin`

# Internals

This project is using:

- Couchbase Java DCP Client
- Couchbase Java Client
- Akka Streams to stream the Couchbase events properly in the backend with backpressure please 
- Akka-HTTP
- Akka-SSE because websockets are overrated
- Smoothie charts for the smooth charts

# Notes

DCP exposes `Expiration` messages that are taken into account here but are not displayed.
Couchbase 4.5.0 does not even emit them yet, so it's just hidden in the UI until further notice.

Commit message:

Add ability to filter on keys (#11)

README.md, after:

# Couchbase Bucket Listener [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/chtefi/couchbase-bucket-listener.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/chtefi/couchbase-bucket-listener)

A tiny admin displaying some info in real-time about a particular bucket in a Couchbase cluster.

It's possible to listen to any server / any bucket thanks to a smart URL pattern:
`http://localhost:8080/ui/$host/$bucket`

Example: `http://localhost:8080/ui/couchbase01/travel`

You'll get this UI updated in real-time:

![ui](ui.gif)

# Features

It displays:
- The total of events starting at the time you connect.
- A chart per events containing the delta per interval.
- The N last mutated documents of the bucket, with their expiry if any.

It is refreshed every 200ms by default, but this is configurable:
- `http://localhost:8080/ui/couchbase01/travel?interval=1000`: refresh every second
- `http://localhost:8080/ui/couchbase01/travel?interval=1000&n=100`: displays the 100 last mutated documents
 
It's also possible to click on those last mutated documents keys (displayed at the bottom), to display its content on the right.

- If the bucket is password protected, just set the query parameter `pwd`: `&pwd=xxx`.
- It's possible to filter only on certain keys using `filter`: `&filter=102:` to grab keys containing matching `*102:*`.

## Parameters list

All are optional:

- interval=1000 (milliseconds)
- n=100 (list of mutated document keys)
- password=xxx (for password protected buckets)
- filter=xxx (to filter only on certain keys)

## Bucket lists

It's possible to list all the available buckets, with hyperlinks to navigate quickly:

`http://localhost:8080/ui/couchbase01?user=admin&pwd=admin`

# Internals

This project is using:

- Couchbase Java DCP Client
- Couchbase Java Client
- Akka Streams to stream the Couchbase events properly in the backend with backpressure please 
- Akka-HTTP
- Akka-SSE because websockets are overrated
- Smoothie charts for the smooth charts

# Notes

DCP exposes `Expiration` messages that are taken into account here but are not displayed.
Couchbase 4.5.0 does not even emit them yet, so it's just hidden in the UI until further notice.
